# Artificial Intelligence in Remote Sensing

OpenHD is a suite of software designed for long-range video transmission, telemetry, and RC control. QGroundControl (QGC) is a highly intuitive and powerful Ground Control Station (GCS) designed for UAVs. Aurora is a machine learning model that can predict atmospheric variables, such as temperature. GeoPandas is a project to add support for geographic data to pandas objects. GeoTools is a Java library that provides tools for geospatial data. H2GIS is a spatial extension. Apache SIS is a Java language library for developing geospatial applications. The NVIDIA Data Loading Library (DALI) is a GPU-accelerated library. Open MCT is a next-generation mission control framework. The overall goal of the mapsforge project is to provide a free and open toolbox that enables the community to easily create new OpenStreetMap-based applications. OrbisGIS is a cross-platform open-source Geographic Information System (GIS). The NASA Vision Workbench is a general purpose image processing and computer vision library. Earth2Studio is a Python-based package designed to get users up and running with AI Earth system models fast. Spatial4j is a general purpose spatial / geospatial Java library. RaySAR is a 3D synthetic aperture radar (SAR) simulator. RadarSimPy is a powerful and versatile Python-based Radar Simulator. Polaris is a tool used for the exploration and analysis of satellite telemetry data by building machine learning models. Raster Vision is a Python library and framework for building computer vision models on satellite, aerial, and other large imagery sets. GraphHopper is a fast and memory-efficient routing engine. CARS is a 3D tool to produce Digital Surface Models from satellite imaging by photogrammetry. An open-source platform to predict and visualize shark foraging hotspots using a novel habitat suitability model (TCHI) powered by NASA satellite data. Sentinel-2 for Agriculture (Sen2Agri) is a software system processing high resolution satellite images

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.